<div align="center">

**ACADEMIC SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT**

</div>

WHEREAS, the University of Wisconsin-Madison (“Provider”) has developed software (“SOFTWARE”) (ATLAS) that is a pair of AI Tumor Lineage and Site-of-origin machine learning models, that can accurately classify both primary and metastatic tumors using high-throughput RNA expression data and can identify de-differentiated anaplastic tumors.

WHEREAS, Provider desires to license its rights in the SOFTWARE to the user for the above use (“Purpose”); 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein, the Provider and Recipient agree as follows:

**By downloading, installing, or otherwise accessing or using the SOFTWARE, you (“Recipient”) agree to receive and use the above-identified SOFTWARE subject to the following terms, obligations and restrictions. If you do not agree to all of the following terms, obligations and restrictions you are not permitted to download, install, execute, access, or use the SOFTWARE:**

- **1.	Originators of the SOFTWARE.**  Provider is willing to license its rights in the SOFTWARE (“Provider’s Rights”) to academic researchers to use free of charge solely for academic, non-commercial research purposes subject to the terms and conditions outlined herein. The SOFTWARE was created at the University of Wisconsin ("UW") by [Nicholas (Nick) Rydzewski and Shuang (George) Zhao] (“Author”). The Provider’s Rights are limited to the use of the SOFTWARE for the Provider’s education and research mission, and this license shall not further affect the rights of the Author.  
- **2.	Limited License.**  Provider hereby grants to Recipient a non-commercial, non-transferable, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, without the right to sublicense, under Provider’s Rights to download, install, access, execute and use the SOFTWARE solely for academic, non-commercial research purposes related to the Purpose. SOFTWARE may not be used, directly or indirectly, to perform services for a fee or for the production or manufacture of products for sale to third parties. The foregoing license does not include any license to third party intellectual property that may be contained in the SOFTWARE or is necessary to install, run, or otherwise operate the SOFTWARE (“Third Party Content”); Recipient is responsible for obtaining any licenses necessary to utilize Third Party Content and complying with terms associated with such Third Party Content.  
- **3.	Restrictions on SOFTWARE use and distribution.**  Recipient shall not take, authorize, or permit any of the following actions with the SOFTWARE: (1) modify, translate or otherwise create any derivative works; (2) publicly display (e.g., Internet) or publicly perform (e.g., present at a press conference); (3) sell, lease, rent or lend; (4) decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the SOFTWARE or attempt to reconstruct or discover any proprietary materials, underlying ideas, algorithms, data products or programming interfaces of the SOFTWARE by any means whatsoever, in whole or in part; (5) use the SOFTWARE for any commercial purposes whatsoever; or (6) use the SOFTWARE to treat or diagnose human subjects. Recipient must fully reproduce and not obscure, alter or remove any of the Provider’s proprietary notices that appear on the SOFTWARE, including copyright notices or additional license terms included with any of the Third Party Content contained in the SOFTWARE. Recipient may not provide any third party with access to the SOFTWARE or use the SOFTWARE on a timeshare or service bureau basis. Recipient represents that it is in compliance with all applicable export control provisions and is not prohibited from receiving the SOFTWARE. 
- **4.	Reservation of rights.**  Provider retains all of its rights and title in the SOFTWARE, including without limitation all intellectual property rights (e.g., patent, copyright, and trade secret rights) that may now or in the future exist in the SOFTWARE, regardless of form or medium. Nothing in this Agreement grants Recipient any additional rights to the SOFTWARE, any commercial license for the SOFTWARE, or any other intellectual property owned or licensed by Provider or the Author. 
- **5.	Support and Updates.**  Provider has no obligation to provide any support, updates, or bug fixes (collectively “Updates”). However, if in its sole discretion Provider notifies Recipient of an available Update, Provider will provide Recipient the necessary support to install the Update, and Recipient shall ensure that all Updates provided are installed as soon as practicable.  Provider will provide support on a best efforts basis when time permits.
- **6.	Disclaimer of Warranty.** PROVIDER IS PROVIDING THE SOFTWARE TO RECIPIENT ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. PROVIDER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OUTCOME THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USING THE SOFTWARE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. PROVIDER MAKES NO REMEDY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED.
- **7.	Limitation of Liability; Indemnity.**  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL PROVIDER BE LIABLE TO RECIPIENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE SOFTWARE, ITS USE, OR PROVIDER’S STORAGE OF RECIPIENT’S DATA, EXCEPT AS STATED IN ATTACHMENT A. FURTHERMORE, IN NO EVENT WILL PROVIDER’S LIABILITY TO RECIPIENT EXCEED $100, EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM A MATERIAL BREACH OF PROVIDER’S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN ATTACHMENT A, WHICH SHALL BE SUBJECT TO A $500,000 LIMIT.  PROVIDER HAS NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE BY RECIPIENT AS A RESULT OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE.  
- **8.	No use of names/trademarks.**  Recipient shall not use Provider’s name, or the name of any Author of the SOFTWARE or that of UW, in any manner without the prior written approval of the entity or person whose name is being used.
- **9.	Termination.**
  - a. Without prejudice to any other rights, Provider may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. Upon termination for any reason, Recipient must immediately destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE in Recipient’s possession, custody, or control.
  - b. Recipient may terminate this agreement on 30 days’ written notice.  If possible, Provider will provide a copy of any Data in its possession within 30 days of the effective date of the termination.  Recipient must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE in Recipient’s possession, custody, or control on or before the effective date of termination under this clause.
  - c. If possible, upon any termination, Provider will make Data available to Customer for electronic retrieval for a period of 30 days, but thereafter Provider may, but is not obligated to, delete stored Data.
